what are you doing who's that
another cop knows it oh oh we busted
yeah they are they are there what the
badass oh yeah are there areas have
knocked everybody to throw the lights on
for a second I gotta get a picture
boy yeah dude
I mean we're same I up to no good we're
not come from lately innocent no I he'd
be like maxed out would be scary we take
him off road you're prime not really
supposed to but I try to do wheelies
I suck he does good wheelies maybe it
was him
do you call your bike cute we got big
ones at home these are what I get for a
spin well trade I'll play with your
taser I'm gonna tase him and you take my
buffers have a good one
I'm gonna imma go I'm gonna go load up I
gotta get home you yeah could you real
quick all right
we're officer
you got a willy next to the cop well the
combination of private property and
secondly we just stay there to hang out
when he pulled up we weren't like we
didn't make any problems go go that's
before for video motive swag here and
fuckin say czar say czar say czar Alvin
left I rode with Alvin because of you
there we go alright yeah are we are are
we lovers now okay alright okay
touch the cops gun god I understand your
point though I went around to Mary
shouldn't have done that
yeah I got you know better than that
touch his gun shut up ring he looks
pretty today